docs(vpc): add pn reserved ip prefixes (#6403)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/vpc/reference-content/private-networks-reserved-prefixes.mdx

---
title: Private Networks reserved IP ranges
description: This page provides information on IP ranges reserved by Scaleway that cannot be used with Private Networks.
tags: pn reserved ip range rfc
dates:
  validation: 2026-04-09
  posted: 2026-04-09
---

When creating a [Private Network](/vpc/how-to/create-private-network/) with a custom subnet prefix, you can choose any non-internet routable prefix, except from these ranges, which are reserved by Scaleway:

- `127.0.0.0/8`
- `0.0.0.0/8`
- `100.64.0.0/10`
- `169.254.0.0/16`
- `224.0.0.0/4`
- `255.255.255.255/32`

> Instead, you can use subnet ranges described in RFC1918.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, you can use subnet ranges described in RFC 1918.
```
